Update breaking-8.0.asciidoc (#30565)
elastic/beats: libbeat/docs/release-notes/breaking/breaking-8.0.asciidoc

the https://www.elastic.co/downloads/beats/[{beats} download pages]
for available installation methods.

[discrete]
==== Removal of older platforms from {beats} support matrix
Starting with version 8.0.0, the following operating systems are no longer supported

> by {beats} due to lack of vendor support for the operating system. Inorder to have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by {beats} due to lack of vendor support for the operating system. In order to have
```

> the best product experience users are encouraged to move to a vendor supported 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the best product experience, you are encouraged to move to a vendor-supported 
```
